Refactor limiters (#14773)
emqx/emqx: changes/ce/feat-14773.en.md

Improved rate-limiting functionality (`bytes_rate`, `messages_rate`, `max_conn_rate` configured for zones or listeners).

> * The rate-limiting algorithm is simplified to work more predictably. It does not try to impose backpressure on the client(s). Instead, it drops the messages. For QoS1/QoS2 messagest the appropriate error code is also returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The rate-limiting algorithm is simplified to work more predictably. It does not try to impose backpressure on the client(s). Instead, it drops the messages. For QoS1/QoS2 messages the appropriate reason code is also returned.
```

* Rate limiting now allows reconfiguration at runtime.
* Rate limiting configuration now allows to specify window size and limit per each window explicitly:
`messages_rate = "300/5m"` means 300 messages per 5 minutes (with any possible fluctuation within this period),
while `messages_rate = "10/10s"` means 10 messages per 10 seconds. Although the configured RPS is the same, the latter variant is much more strict about fluctuations in the actual rate.
* Burst rate is provided via the `messages_burst`, `bytes_burst`, `max_conn_burst` zone and listener options. The burst value `messages_burst = 1000/h` means a client can send 1000 additional messages each hour without applying rate limiting.

> ## Breaking changes

Reviewer: Maybe it's better to create a separate `breaking-14773.en.md` file so that it may go into the appropriate changelog section.

Author: ✅
